Team Mamba :: Nafiz Labib, Prattay Dey, Kartik Vanjani
APCS
Lab 08 - America's Next Top Data Scientist
2022-04-05
time spent: 3.0 hr


DISCO
- Can get past .gitignore file using git add -f.
- sinbad.jar is a library that allows you to connect, read, and process data.
- Google recieves a combination of the information we give and the information they get based on the things we do on their engines.

QCC
- Can sinbad process a variety of data from different websites or is it only limited to this activity?
- Are there any other libraries similar to sinbad, and why the name?


<Team Mamba's CSV FLOW:
<insert your description of your tools and workflow in creating, editing CSV files>


TRUBZ
- Had trouble connecting Welcome01 to sinbad library. Remembered that our .gitignore file automatically ignores .jar file when cloning folder from closet/library.   

------------Activity 1------------
1. Netflix, Amazon, Google
2. Google: Personal information like name and provided photo, information about browsers we visit, search terms we input into Google
3. Delimit means "to fix or define the limits of". In data files, it's necessary because it allows us to incorporate as much data as we need.
4. Most of the time, data in a column has some sort of a header to label what the column contains. You can also compare data within a column as find similarities to figure out what data is contained.
5. Basketball and American football
6.
   Initial Consideration:
   Question 1: Who is the GOAT (greatest of all time) of basketball?
   Question 2: Who is the best running back currently in the NFL?

   After Discussion:
   Question 1: Which basketball player has contributed the most to the sport?
   Question 2: Who is the greatest offensive player in football?
 7.
 
 ------------Activity 2------------
 1. Best name for the object would be Cereal.
 2. N/A
 3. public class Cereal{}
 4. We will create an instance variable for each column nof the table. 
 
 8. One additional question that we can answer without modifying code is the type of each individual cereal.
 9. One additional question that we cannot answer with our current implementation of java is which cereal has the most calories. 
 10. Create a double list of every cereal's calories, and then iterate over it to find the max value.  
 
 
 ------------Activity 3------------
1) The temperature at Atlanta, Hartsfield - Jackson Atlanta International Airport, GA is 69.0F

2) Code: KLGA
  The temperature at New York, La Guardia Airport, NY is 50.0F
  
4) 2876 weather stations in NY
   
5) You can sort the weather stations by their latitude.

6) The southernmost station was Pago Pago, AS, Samoa.

7) One question we can also answer is the northernmost weather station. 

8) We can answer this in the same amount of code it took us to find the southernmost station. 




